[UNR-2445][MS] Doc changes for server travel. (#1511)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/content/map-travel.md

```

## UWorld::ServerTravel

> Server travel is supported on single server worker deployments. For testing in PIE, ensure that you have "Use Single Process" disabled in "Editor Preferences/Level Editor/Play/Multiplayer Options" and set "Editor Multiplayer Mode" to "Play As Client".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Server travel is supported in single server-worker deployments. If you want to test server travel in Editor, ensure that you have "Use Single Process" disabled in "Editor Preferences/Level Editor/Play/Multiplayer Options" and set "Editor Multiplayer Mode" to "Play As Client".
```

```

## UWorld::ServerTravel

> > Warning: Multiserver `ServerTravel` is on the [roadmap](https://github.com/spatialos/UnrealGDK/projects/1#card-22461878) but is not currently supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Note: Multiserver `ServerTravel` is on the [roadmap](https://github.com/spatialos/UnrealGDK/projects/1#card-22461878) but is not currently supported.
```

Please see the [Map Travel URL options]({{urlRoot}}/content/command-line-arguments#map-travel-url-options) section for a list of all URL options that can be used with SpatialOS.

<br/>------<br/>

> _2019-11-26 Page updated with limited editorial review: Added single server Server Travel_ 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_2019-11-26 Page updated with limited editorial review: Added single server Server Travel_ </br>
```
